1. Requirements
   1) software failure
   2) hardware failure
   3) controlled hardware replacement

2. DC-SIP is not required to support hot upgrade of individual component.
   DC-SIP is not required to support fault tolerance at the level of individual component within one N-BASE location.
   DC-SIP is required to support fault tolerance of individual N-BASE locations.
   DC-SIP is required to start backup instances of components automatically.
   DC-SIP is required to restart components automatically when there is no backup instance already running.
     If primary instance of System Manager fails and there is no backup instance of System Manager running,
   then management action is required to restart the system. (including restarting SM and all DC-SIP components)
     If a DC SIP component fails then the whole N BASE instance fails, with all the DC SIP components running 
   within it.

3. System Manager: control the fault tolerant state of DC-SIP components
   1) create instances of CH, TM and stubs
   2) informing that instance whether it should run as a primary or a backup
   3) promoting and demoting instances between primaries and backups after failures or external management requests
   4) informing that instance of the existence of a partner, or of a partner failing

   TM and CH themselves are responsible for replication of insternal state information and resynchronization of state
   information with a partner.

   A second description of responsibilities:
   1) create MIB stub
   2) create HM stub
   3) receive location information, entity and instance information (SM MIB requests or others)
   4) create, destroy and manipulate FTIs (SM MIB requests or others)
   5) provide fail-over for FTEs and System Manager
   6) receive indications from the hardware stub to signal that a given location is available or not...

4. Hardware model
   1) duplicate processor cards
   2) duplicate network cards
   3) duplicate network connections

5. Software model
   1) Concepts: Locations, Fault Tolerant Entities (FTE), Fault Tolerant Instance (FTI) and joins between FTIs
   2) Fault Tolerant System consists of a number of FT Locations
      An FT Location is an instance of N-BASE
   3) FTEs: CH, TM, UA, IP Routing stub, IP Socket stub, Name Resolution stub and CRY/SUB stub
      Each FTE consist of one process.
   4) Join: Interfaces between FTIs
      Master && Slave

6. Distribution Models
   a) Processor Card Only: SM, TM, CH, stubs
   b) Network Card Only: SM on processor card, and others on one network card
   c) Multiple Network Cards: SM on processor card, and others distributed on multiple network cards
   d) Split Single Network Card: SM, TM, stubs on processor card, and CH, IP socket stub on one network card
   e) Split Multiple Network Cards: SM, TM, stubs on processor card, and CH, IP socket stub on multiple network cards
