1. Background
MGC-8 internal DNS server is based on BIND-9 and has already supported dipping its extended cache
for last positive cached response to proceed with the call when the DNS query is timeout in FID15942.0.

2. Feature Description
This feature is to enhance internal DNS server with following points:
(1) The negative cache TTL could be set from 0 to 1440 minutes, and 180 minutes is default value.
Note 1: MGC-8 will use this value to edit "max-ncache-ttl" in named.conf file.
(2) NXDOMAIN or NXRRSET response can trigger dipping into internal DNS extended cache to use that last positive cached response 
    only when the negative cache TTL is set to 0.
Note 1: Also if the negative cache TTL is 0, it will disable the caching of NXDOMAIN and NXRRSET response and only the positive 
response can be saved.
(3) Positive response can overwrite negative response in the cache.
Note 1: That is to say that there is only one record information whether positive or negative in the internal DNS cache.
(4) A new log file "named_failed_queries.out" is created on active ACCM blade in order to record failed queries of internal DNS server.
Note 1: The log file contains the FQDN that failed to resolve. Only one log is written into the log file if there are multiple failed queries 
to the same FQDN in the past 5 seconds, but the log contains the number of logs discarded in the last 5 seconds due to throttle.
Note 2: The log file contains maximum 2000 logs. After reaching the limit, the file will be saved as a zipped backup file whose name contains timestamp, 
then the log file is emptied so that new logs can be written into it. 

3. TL1 Changes

4. Feature Mechanism
SIPA initiates a DNS query to internal DNS server. If there is no positive result in the regular cache, MGC-8 will try to get query results from external
DNS sever. The internal DNS server will receive a negative response (NXDOMAIN or NXRRSET) when the external DNS server can not provide a positive result.
At this time, the internal DNS server will search its extended cache to find the result. If there is a match record, internal DNS server will send the 
positive record to SIPA. Or the query will fail.

SIPA query failures are written into new log file
Print the records from log file to TL1 screen

5. Log File
